Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
After the army of Charles XII.
had been defeated at Poltava.
over 10.000 Swedish prisoners
of war were exiled to Siberia.
At the same time in the Far East
the Dzungar Khanate
destroyed the Chinese army.
China needs an ally
more than ever before.
All previous attempts to wage Russia
in the war against the Dzungar Khanate
Failed.
The Chinese call
this gold plate "Paiza".
It is personally handed
over to heads of state.
Whoever accepts the paiza
must go to war on
the side of China.
Tobolsk is the capital of the
Siberian government district.
Here the caravans
lead from the east.
The story begins with the
arrival of a caravan from China.
- Ni hao! Tulishen!
- Ni hao.
How many years haven't we seen each other.
huh?
Congratulations on the
governorship. I have a present for you.
Tulishen. my old friend.
I hope this gift sweetens my
bitter news for the governor.
What news?
His Excellency. the Emperor Qon Si
wants to ban Russian
caravans into the empire.
Has the emperor gone mad?
A caravan brings more profit
as a province in a year.
Why this ban?
Because of the war with the Dzungars.
This is the golden. imperial Paiza.
The emperor sends
them to his allies.
You shouldn't have done that.
Peter has enough to do with the Swedes.
He is not waging a war against the
Dzungars. He won't accept your Paiza.
Then the sun-like Bogdyhan will
no longer allow Russian caravans.
You can no longer give your tsar.
I know how much Peter appreciates
you. Please convince him to help us.
Hear our request.
You do us a favor.
we do you a favor.
I Agree. Show me your tigers.
Will Russia fight the Dzungars?
Russia?
You don't get an army!
St. Petersburg.
A war against the Dzungars?
Why are you the governor of Siberia?
- To strengthen your state.
- But I do.
Please sign here?
I will build more frigates.
The Swedish ships
are coming this summer.
I only need money from you.
Don't stand around. work!
A caravan to China brings more
than all of Siberia in one year!
Then work. governor. think!
Earn money!
I need money and
you are asking for war!
It won't be a real war.
The army comes into the steppes.
fires the cannons and the Dzungars flee.
We pay respect to China
and keep the caravans.
Do you think that's fun?
If you fire the cannons once.
A war is enough for me.
Greetings. princess.
His Highness. the Grand Tsar
and grand prince
Peter Alexeyevich Romanov!
Attention!
Nice to see you. my children.
Military skill is the most
important worldly art.
This art brought us
to light from the dark.
I have a premonition...
Just look. Katharina Alexejewitsch.
what I'm giving you on Name Day.
It contains an emerald
here is a sapphire.
How delightful.
Dear mother.
help me convince Peter.
He just doesn't want to give me an army.
As a reward for
deploying the border troops
I hereby award to
all young officers
the rank of lieutenant
in the Russian army!
- Vivat!
- Vivat! Vivat! Vivat!
- I have more of it with diamonds.
- You're a scoundrel. Gagarin.
Peter Alexejewitsch.
your wife has a name day.
You want to reach me through Katharina?
Peter Alexeyevich.
I swear I had no evil intentions.
- Peter.
- What did he want?
Whining again about his war?
Can I speak? It hurts.
Peter Alexeyevich. I have plans.
I want to bring gold to our nation.
There is a place
there is a mountain full of gold.
We have to organize an expedition.
And then Menshikov rode in
with his dragoons and off we went.
- the Swedes broke up!
- They scurried like startled rabbits.
Yes. and the fattest... The fattest.
he did. he crawled on all fours
and then started trotting.
constantly jumping up and down...
Ivan! Ivan! Ivan!
What's your name. you babbler?
Lieutenant Demarin.
- Education?
- Graduation with Distinction.
in strategy. tactics. artillery.
fortress construction and planning.
Aha. so you are familiar with all of this.
yes?
It can be of use to
us on the expedition.
Say. babbler.
do you want to go to the Tobol?
- Tobol. what is that?
- Your education was not good.
The Tobol is a river in Siberia.
A border river. Lieutenant.
But there is no war.
I'll send you there
so it stays that way.
No matter how you jump around.
you will be surrounded by enemies
on all sides. wherever you jump.
Your Majesty! I studied
military arts abroad
to serve my fatherland in battle.
And then should I go to Siberia?
No arguments against the tsar.
you're too young for that.
You youngsters.
I have a mission for you.
Not a war. but a tough trial -
a peaceful expedition to a border.
for gold.
The expedition is led
by Colonel Buhgoltz.
Matthew Petrovich.
give him a dozen officers.
- A dozen? That is not enough.
- Do not interrupt me.
Give him 10 officers. He
will find recruits in Siberia.
The expedition must be peaceful.
- Got it. lieutenant?
- Peter Alexeyevich...
Calm down. Dance
while you have legs.
THE BATTLE FOR SIBERIA
TOBOLSK
Again with his crooked hands.
Victor. you bloody son of a bitch!
What are you leaning over
the wall again? Are you blind?
I'll still throw you out of here!
Then you only miss your
wife - if you find enough rope.
What does construction
do? Do the Swedes look up?
Picking up? But no.
they are completely calm.
We can still learn something from them.
Come on. help the crooked hand!
I'm planning an expedition.
we're looking for gold.
The city of Yerkend.
where is it?
It is a city on the border.
- It takes 14 weeks to get there.
- Oha. that's farther away than Moscow.
Of course. Our border fortress. Kara.
is four weeks away from
Tobolsk. We spend the winter there
and then walk the hostile
steppe for eight weeks.
- Is there gold in Yerkend?
- You say that. yes.
But nobody in Tobolsk has
ever seen the gold from Yerkend.
They lie.
That may be.
I think this is foolishness.
this mission you are planning.
That does not concern you.
The Tsar ordered it.
We have to obey.
The work is over.
This is porridge.
That Russian crap again.
We're in captivity.
Michael. We eat what they give us.
You are a lazy woman. Brigitte.
Everything went for your
drinking. You are addicted!
Whore! I want to stop drinking.
but I just can't make it!
Ivan. you complained that
there were no Swedes to be seen.
There are many here.
they are our prisoners.
Hello Sweden. greetings!
Hello. heroes.
A slime.
What did he say?
He said. "Hello heroes".
Your Excellency. the Tsar's rescript.
All of this is needed for the expedition.
Give it to me.
"3.000 uniforms. 200 horses.
70 flat bottom boats. 100 canoes..."
Well. we collect that over the
winter. You will then set out in spring.
- Kuzmichev. Severinov.
- Watch out!
You will be assigned accommodations.
We will stay in Tobolsk for a
while. It only continues in summer.
I warn you.
I will not tolerate
any immorality.
- Is that clear?
- Yes. Colonel.
Papa. father!
An officer will live with us.
- Good day.
- Hello. hero.
- Hello.
- I'm Lieutenant Demarin.
- What's your real name?
- Ivan Danilovich.
- Vanya?
- Simeon.
We need a big barrel of cucumbers.
it's all used up.
What do I have to do with cucumbers? Johan.
drive the car down from the yard.
I do.
What are you standing around here
for? Don't you have anything to do
Why are you already officers.
are you still so young?
Did you impale a few
Swedish regiments in Poltava?
I wasn't there at all. I studied abroad.
on the orders of the tsar.
Maria.
show our guest where he can wash himself.
What did the Germans teach you?
Where does the bullet
come out from the rifle?
How to fight the enemy.
Then you know.
- Dad. you think everyone is stupid.
- Come to the table.
Come sit down.
I'm not sitting at the
table with the enemy.
He is not an enemy. He is
a prisoner and he helps me.
- I'm sorry. I go.
- Johan. don't be silly.
It is better if I go.
Goodbye.
Well.
apparently he doesn't like our company.
How dare you upset my guest.
boy?
Are you the master in the house here?
You can eat from the trash can!
Conquer your own kitchen.
- But dad!
- Stop me with "Papa"!
Let me go!
I want to go home.
I'm tired. You whore. I want to go home!
I want to go home...
I don't understand you.
I don't speak German.
Please help me. Carry him home.
You're welcome.
In here.
Caution.
You forgot your hat.
Thank you.
Many thanks for your help.
Johan.
Johan Gustav Renet.
at your service. Ms. Sims.
Brigitte Christina.
I am like you
I do what it takes to survive.
And. does it work?
Not really.
But I'm not losing hope.
I wish you do that too.
The distances in Russia
hold us back more than chains.
But I'm making up something.
I will be released. I know that.
One day I will
go home. Home to Sweden.
Certainly.
Brigitte.
Forgive me.
I...
No. No. I...
The war has been going on for 13 years now.
Always in a foreign country.
I want to go back to my home.
Do you want to go with me?
To Sweden?
Yes very much.
Ivan Danilovich. I have food for you.
- Thanks. I'm not hungry.
- Still so proud.
Eat. I warmed it up in the oven.
Oh. look. an angel in heaven!
It is lucky to see an angel. Not
everyone can do that. Do you see him?
Does your father tell you such fairy tales.
Maria?
- Are you going to eat this?
- No.
Don't forget the bowl!
Recruits! With this drum
signals are given in combat.
Every command is
different. That means forward.
Stop!
Slightly slower.
And now you.
Stop it you idiot! Is it
so hard to remember?
- Think a few words about it!
- What words? It's not a song.
Baram. baram. he blows the horn.
- Once again.
- Baram. baram. he blows the horn.
Fine. Remezov. And now
everyone is doing "Baram" together!
Baram. baram. he blows the horn.
And now command
number two. Listen everyone!
Boar is hit. hit the cow.
- What the hell are you wearing!
- Father! Father!
- Father!
- Get rid of it. that's a military drum!
- I'm a recruit now.
- What? Come here!
Simeon. stop! You disgrace your son.
Ivan. dissolve his obligation!
- No. serving the country is an honor.
- Yes! Even Tsar Peter served
as a drummer under
Preobrazhensky.
You dwarf.
I'll lock you in the steam bath!
As long as the army is here. you are
dealing with birch branches. not drums.
- you fool!
- All the men with us have served.
Should I sit around like a girl?
You are responsible for that.
Ivan. Arms. wars. victories...
- Let him out of there!
- I just told Peter
what I think is right.
To serve the tsar
is a sacred mission.
You have to understand
that! The state is strong
- because we make sacrifices!
- Get out of here.
- It's already decided!
- What?
I'll be on a mission. father.
Then... to die in the steppe.
you gun fool!
Just get out of my house.
you snake!
Maria.
I'm a recruit now. I will bring gold home.
Tobolsk. winter festival. in 1715.
Don't look there!
Buy. buy...
Why is such a
magical lady alone?
- I'm looking for Ivan.
- Allow me to protect you.
- All right.
- How lucky is Ivan.
- I would give my life for you.
- Yes. get out of there! Women. women!
Michael! Michael. rest. come on.
- He's on guard duty. I'll go with you.
- They ran like women.
Women. women!
Josy! Josy. Josy!
Josy. where's Johan?
Where's Johan? Where's Johan?
Higher. up to the roof!
Hello. Ivan. I have pies for you.
Ivan. say hello.
Good day Madame.
Why are you embarrassing
me in front of my recruits?
Oh. Ivan. "Hello. madam".
with such a pretty girl...
Help yourself. I made it myself.
- I can't. I'm on duty.
- Not me. What's in there?
In which mushrooms. And here fish.
- Johan.
- Out of the way!
Johan.
I miss you. Johan.
Come here.
- Here.
- Lord. I ask you today...
- Leave the church. go with God.
- Father. I have to confess...
- Let it go. father.
- Oh my sins...
- Please come.
- Let me!
Moderate yourself!
- Come on.
- Get there!
I want to kiss you. Johan.
Me too. Brigitte.
I as leader are thrown
out of the church.
Come on. we're going to the pub.
Get out of here!
You devil!
No! No no! No!
No. not!
Stay away from her. this is my wife!
- You bitch!
- Brigitte!
You born of the Saracens!
People. listen! Beat up the Swedes!
Our men are being beaten
up! The Swedes rebel!
Soldier.
report to the major! Alert the company!
- Peter is here!
- Where?
On the marketplace.
- I will kill you!
- Uncle. what the hell!?
You snake. come down there!
That is your end.
Uncle!
Say goodbye. soldier.
Not! Don't kill me. soldier!
Close the ranks!
- End the fight!
- Apart!
- Calm down. calm down!
- Back!
Calm down! Everyone back. immediately!
- On which side are you?
- Ivan!
- Calm down!
- Stays with me!
Back with you!
- Back!
- Ivan. I can do it. just wait.
On him!
- All together. men!
- Over the heads! Put on!
- Away with you!
- Fire!
Round two. ready to attack!
- Stop. the army is behind you!
- Down with them!
Fire!
Quiet!
Do you want a second Poltava. you devil?
Do the Swedes rebel?
Only drunks are fighting.
governor.
That Swedish asshole started.
Locks up all rebels.
including ours.
He started it!
- I had nothing to do with it!
- You have good recruits. Colonel.
for an expedition. It will
be a peaceful operation.
And did you find
out who started?
Everyone says it was a Swede.
Johan Renet.
- Well. hang him.
- Governor. sir. I'm begging you!
Please leave him. he is innocent!
- We release your husband. don't worry.
- No. I mean Johan Renet.
What. Johan Renet? I don't
want to hear about that. he started!
- go!
- No. I'm begging you!
I love Johan Renet.
we want to go home together.
- I'm begging you. please!
- Then you goaded the boys on?
- I am guilty.
- They are not Germans.
- but gypsies.
- You should come to a cold cell.
- So you love him?
- Very.
- Fine. I'll take care of it. Go.
- Thanks a lot.
Allow me to say something. Colonel.
- Go ahead.
- We should all owe Sweden
hire as recruits.
- The Sweden?
- Yes.
If they swear the oath.
we can take them with them.
You have a lot of
officers. I saw her fight.
- Go ahead. less trouble for me.
- Wait. wait.
Do you really want
to arm our enemies?
- He should take it. yes.
- The Tsar did that too.
Well then. I'll appoint you. Lieutenant.
to the leader of the Swedish
squadron on the expedition.
Go ahead! But no failure.
Yes my Lord.
I started but it wasn't a riot.
I decide what happens. It's hard
to prove anything from the gallows.
You will never see your wife again.
I know about you. Capiton.
leave us alone.
Do you want to go out here as a free man?
Are you kidding. Mister Governor?
No.
I'm not kidding. I want to help you.
You will register for the
regiment going to Yerkent.
- But I don't want to recruit for it.
- Keep your mouth shut.
Summer has started. The
expedition was ready to go.
Remember Peter if
something happens to you
- will your mother...
- Simeon?
- What?
- What do you know about the Dzungars?
- How many are there?
- What do you want to hear - 1.000? 10.000?
- And you military?
- This is just a mounted horde.
If you overrun this horde.
there's nothing left!
Brigitte.
I know everything about
you and this Swede.
But he will leave us today and
you will never see each other again.
I am very sorry.
everything is my fault.
Let's start over.
I swear I stop drinking.
You're drunk now.
Today is also a festive day.
Which one?
With you every day is a festive day.
Take that and go celebrate.
I swear this is the last time.
I love you. That is the last time.
- I know.
- The last time.
The last time.
Hello. Swede.
- Did you say goodbye to your loved one?
- Not yet. Mr. Governor.
- Good.
- This is the way to Kara.
Where are the positions of the Dzungars?
Your country begins on this bank.
- And here?
- You will spend the winter here.
This effort gives you freedom.
And Brigitte?
She comes with the first caravan.
I keep my word. Hopefully you too.
- Good luck. Uhan.
- Johan.
Johan. Johan.
Johan.
I will not see you again
You have to leave Tobolsk
with the first caravan.
What? Why?
Do you want us
to be free together?
- Yes.
- Then do what I tell you.
I don't understand it.
but I do what you want.
- For sure?
- For sure.
Then kiss me. Brigitte.
Take a thick scarf with
you. It will keep you warm.
- Is not allowed.
- Come on. come on.
Ivan.
frost doesn't care what is allowed.
Kuzmichev. Cast off!
- Lay down!
- Come on!
Remember Peter.
All Remezovs served
faithfully. Don't shame us!
Where are you going
with your crooked hands?
Maria. if you had accompanied me.
I would not have left without a kiss.
Ozharovsky!
Maria! Maria! What should...
W-Why are you embarrassing
me in front of everyone?
What shoud that?
- Ivan. come on now!
- Maria. go home.
Come on. come on!
Ozharovsky.
- Ivan. you are so harsh.
- Maria!
I ask you to go home!
Johan!
- were you a shooter?
- At the artillery.
Are your cannons better than ours?
I like those that are never fired.
I agree...
And which shooters are better?
Why did you save me
- I don't understand...
- You pulled me out of the fight.
You want to die in battle.
not in a brawl.
That a Swede will save me sometime...
But why? You are the enemy.
Quiet. Ivan.
we're on one side now.
Listen.
I still wanted to thank you.
How boring.
we drag ourselves like cows.
We never make it this way until winter.
Ivan! Come on. we're going to race.
Good idea.
You don't have enough
in your stomach for a race.
Brothers. we leave Sweden behind!
Of course we can...
We defeated you at
Poltava. It works here too.
I never saw you in Poltava.
That day you
sucked mom's breast.
Peter. if you keep chatting like this
Uncle Johan will drown
you with your drum.
- A drum doesn't sink.
- But you do.
It's a good thing that
everyone knows that now.
But I have one condition. If the
Swedes are led by a Russian.
a Swede must lead
the Russians. Clear?
Johan Renet!
Come over to the Russian boat!
- And pull through!
- Pull through!
- Goodbye!
- We'll get the Swedes! Peter. drum!
- Hang in there!
- Pull through!
Go away!
- oar up!
- Keep your distance!
Push them away!
Where to?
- We were the first!
- No we!
- Brothers. help!
- Stop rowing!
- stop! Be quiet!
- Peter! Peter is drowning!
- Peter! Peter!
- I am drowning!
- Peter!
But it's flat here!
Yes for you. I could drown here.
High with you
Why are you screaming. Ivan?
Brothers! Ivan caught a fish!
Come on. get the fish!
- What do they have there?
- A fish. colonel.
Ivan. get him out!
Come on with it!
Come on. throw him here! Throw him to me!
I have him!
Our fish is bigger.
Kara fortress. eight months later.
Winter was coming to an end.
We were paralyzed for
most of the winter. Come over!
We weren't allowed to shoot.
the gunpowder was limited.
- I thought there was war.
- You hit my sore spot.
We hunt the Swedes in Europe
and I'm doing laps in the steppe here.
Stop!
Peter. give the alarm.
I am Lieutenant Demarin. Who are you?
That is the great Zaisang Onhudai.
What is the reason for your visit?
Don't waste time.
Russian. Take us to the fortress.
Reverse!
Recruit Remezov.
gives the signal to open the gate.
Why are the Russian
armed forces here?
Don't you want peace with me
We come in peace.
I invited you here.
I'll show you my defenses.
Good cannons.
That means trust.
You are our friends. yes?
We don't want a fight.
Please accept our hospitality.
I hope that can convince you.
And who is this?
A Zaisang. a leader of the Dzungars.
Johan Renet!
Where's Johan Renet. huh?
- I don't know.
- Then find him! Come on!
We have run out of everything
twice. The squire is gone.
Here.
I stole that from the
Russian governor Gagarin.
No! You don't understand that!
You... you don't understand that!
The Russians have made
an agreement with China.
You want to start a war here!
I am not here to fight.
What did you do in your army
I'm an artilleryman. I fire cannons.
It is a gift. The ghosts of the steppe
have brought you to the great Zaisang.
With hay in your shoes.
your feet don't freeze.
- I know that.
- Wait. Take the scarf
- and wrap it around you.
- Maria's gift?
That does not concern you. Wrap already!
Are you an old grandma Shut your mouth!
- You are a beautiful leader.
- Your sister wants
that I take care of you
You're so in love with her.
Ivan. That will end badly with you.
So I'm going now.
It is a trap!
You know.
why didn't they kill you?
What are you waiting for? Drums.
otherwise they won't open.
Come on. drum.
Listen to me. The most important command is
Article seven:
the alarm.
Save the city. Prophet Elijah
Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
Why so quiet are you frozen?
Open the gate!
- Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
- All together!
Save the city. Prophet Elijah
Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
- Again!
- Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
Save the city. Prophet Elijah
Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
The alarm!
- Stop him!
- Cover me. boys!
- Kill him!
- Let me!
Peter!
We bury a brave recruit.
A real Russian soldier.
His deed is an example for all of us.
For the last honor...
He wasn't afraid of the enemy
and gave his life for his comrades.
Put on! Fire!
Ivan.
Ivan!
We are all soldiers. Ivan. We are
all under God and serve the tsar.
Don't blame yourself. You
are not to blame for his death.
But why the Dzungar
attack? We are not at war.
That also concerns me.
You attacked at night.
Our guards were killed.
We have not provoked war.
Why did you do that
Junker. there you are!
You live...
Alarm!
- The Dzungars are coming!
TOBOLSK
Hey.
out of the way! A message for the governor!
Take the horse.
- You called me. governor?
- So it is. Simeon.
The soldier Iegor Bykov
is standing in front of you.
He is a messenger for Colonel Buhgoltz.
from the fort.
Tell him. Iegor.
Peter Remezov. your son.
was killed by the Dzungars.
Believe me. Simeon.
it also causes me great pain.
Buhgoltz writes that the Dzungars
encircled her in the fortress.
- The stocks are almost exhausted.
- Then we have to Buhgoltz
- come to help.
- Yeah. just how?
The cash register is empty.
Father. mother. how can that be?
Without our help they will die!
Are you worried about your Ivan?
You have a stone heart.
you tainted girl!
I cry for Peter too!
Peter served. All
Remezovs have served.
Russians are in need.
We have to help them.
Take sin from your
soul and forgive it.
Anger does not heal a heart.
We have to save them.
Nobody can get on the train without you.
Have you all conspired?
I do not go anywhere!
And I won't let you go!
Let the governor
take care of the train!
Got it?
Simeon. I'll give you the rest
of Peter's christening candle.
Find his grave
and light it there.
He will see the fire from the sky.
That will then... warm his soul.
Yes mother.
I'll do that. yes...
- Father. I'm going with you.
- Me too.
But when something happens.
our home has no man.
- Then take me with you. father.
- You won't go.
I will find your Ivan and
strangle him by hand!
- That bastard!
- If you do that. I will run away. father!
Barrels with cast iron balls. Five batches.
100 wagons.
Lock wheels. boxes with flints.
- 20 ropes.
- Hold on.
Cannons. boards. tar barrels.
The pharmacy box.
tell me what's in there.
All right then. Garlic. heather.
- celandine. absinthe...
- Good thing.
- and pine oil.
- Good.
Wish your friend health.
Just see how much
we have gathered.
It is thanks to the people.
- Simeon. just look!
- Take care of your mother.
Look.
Simeon! The angel gives us his blessing.
This is the smoke from the
Tobolsk chimneys. An angel...
God protect you.
Simeon. Take care of Maria.
Farewell. Remezov.
I agree.
God be with you.
Are you Simeon Remezov's daughter?
Yes. Peter. my brother.
was killed by the Dzungars.
I cried for him for a week. but also
thought about Ivan at the same time.
Even if it angered father.
I definitely have to go to Ivan.
Ivan. the Russian officer?
Yes.
I love him so much. I would also
follow him barefoot in the snow.
I can understand.
I'll tell you a secret: I want
to see my loved one too.
You have to follow love.
Otherwise our heart dies.
Kara fortress. four weeks later.
The replenishment train!
And will we greet them
with bread and salt?
Just look.
Brothers. they come with the nomads.
We have to fight them now.
No. be patient.
My daughter... my daughter.
Everything is fine now.
Yohan. We are together and we are free.
That's not true. my love.
I have to serve him
that is the price of my freedom.
I'm a soldier again
and I'm at war again.
But you are strong and I am
also strong. And we are together.
Where do we go?
Welcome to the palace. my queen.
How comfortable it is here.
With you already.
Ivan Danilovich. there comes a man!
A man outside in the steppe!
Simeon.
Where is my son?
Hi Peter.
I am your father.
I wanted to be with you.
That comes from mother. as a reminder.
This candle was already
burning when you were baptized.
Warm yourself up. my son.
I'm sorry. Simeon.
I couldn't save him.
I forgive you.
How could I not?
My son is in the grave
my daughter a prisoner.
- Let's get the prisoners back!
- Impossible. Simeon.
- That would be suicide.
- In an attack in the steppe
our artillery is useless.
The nomads only have cavalry. Simeon.
We only infantry.
So what should we do?
I don't know.
Colonel. Lieutenant Demarin has...
What? What did Lieutenant Demarin do?
- stop!
- Tell him to let people go!
Bata.
Kill him! You will die like a dog
- But you won't experience that.
- Let her go. Onhudai.
Your life is worth more.
Give the command.
Let them go.
Let them through!
You are a wise man. Zaisang.
Maria!
Go back to the fortress.
How do you want to get out of here again.
you fool?
I stay with you.
- Ivan.
- Johan!
Go I already have
a debt to pay him.
Go!
I take the knife.
Come on!
Calm.
Calm! Now go.
- Johan.
- I have to go back to the Dzungars.
Colonel. there are people -
probably from the supply train.
Could they escape?
I wanted my freedom.
you promised.
I am a man of honor.
You get your freedom.
You can go now.
I saw your wife. She is pretty.
- Thanks a lot.
- I want to buy it from you.
For this you can choose
a horse from my herd.
Any. I kidnapped the
replenishment train
there she was. So
she is my prisoner.
But out of respect for you.
I want to buy it.
What is your price?
As I said. this is not possible.
Too stupid. my friend.
That's not how you
talk to the great zaisang.
- Hey. give her a go!
- What did you say?
I'm not buying a pig in a poke.
Come here. woman.
Wait. here are men...
- Undress yourself.
- Brigitte. not!
- Brigitte. no! Brigitte!
- Silence him.
I only promised
freedom to one of you.
Johan.
close your eyes. I'm not dying.
Brigitte!
I'm not dying.
Did something go wrong?
Where do they all come from?
What the hell is going on there
What's going on in your area. Onhudai?
You have to sort this out on your own.
Inoen.
I destroyed the Chinese army.
You forced me to switch to your side.
north.
The troops of the Dzungar
Taishi Tserin Dondobo
have canceled their campaign
against the Chinese empire
and are now at Kara Fortress.
where your troops are stationed.
- Why are you in here. Johan?
- Ask your governor Gagarin.
- What?
- He forced me to go on the expedition.
As soon as you reach the Dzungars.
you run over to them.
You then hand over the
gold to their leader Zaisang.
that I will give you
The gold plate - it is
the reason for the war.
Here is the gold. Hide
it so it won't be stolen.
- What do the signs mean?
- No idea.
I do not speak Chinese.
How do you get this Paiza?
I got it from a foreigner.
a deserter from the fortress.
- The gold?
- Yes.
Oh.
tell them you stole it from Gagarin.
It will please you.
Have you ever wondered why
the Paiza is in the governor's hands
not in those of the tsar?
He cheated on me.
He cheated on all of us.
No. The Russians are not
at war with the Dzungars.
What unpleasant news.
The Russian governor
threw a bone to you.
You choked on it
and started a war.
To sacrifice your troops for
the friendship of our two states.
is a noble deed.
worthy of a true ruler.
You saved China.
Garrison. listen to my command!
The hour has come to
fight for your fatherland.
Let us do our duty.
Whoever swore
the oath on this flag
must stand there until death.
Russia will be happy with us.
Let us stand up for our homeland
for our home.
I have to give this letter
of thanks to Tsar Peter.
If this is true.
the tsar must know about it.
The state cannot be based on
lies. We have to stop the war.
And how?
Hey Russian. get out with you!
We have something for you.
Why did you come to our country.
Russian?
The Tsar asked us to
travel to the city of Yerkend
and look for gold there.
We don't want to fight.
I personally heard the
Tsar's order not to start a war.
We come in peace.
Die.
Die. Russian.
Do you like that. Russian. hmm?
Enough!
I let you go. Nobody
needs this war.
Release him.
My request to the Russians
is to leave the fortress
and go home.
What are you doing. Nuen?
I believe him.
If you agree to the peace offer.
fires a cannon once.
A mediator! There comes a mediator.
brothers!
This is not just any mediator.
it is Ivan Demarin. Ivan!
Ivan Demarin! Come over. greet him!
Come on. let's line up.
Ivan! Ivan is here!
Lieutenant Demarin. vivat!
Ivan!
You look bad. brother.
That hurts?
No. not anymore.
Welcome back. Ivan Danilovich.
Welcome back.
Welcome back. you hero.
Colonel.
I know how to stop the war.
You pull out. And so do we.
Stop!
This is your fault.
And remember. don't even come
close to the Russian Khanate.
Never look me under the eyes again.
Then you will keep your life.
Thank god they are leaving.
Remove the cannons from the bulwarks.
the mission is over.
- We go home!
- Where are you? Come here.
Hey Do you want your wife back?
I will then release you with my wife.
What do you want from me. Zaisang?
Not much. You should only
shoot the gate of my riders.
Tserin Dondobo has forbidden
us to fight the Russians.
I have to take revenge.
Aren't you a good shooter or
are you afraid of the Russians?
And did you forget how to shoot?
You lied to me.
you are not a shooter.
You can't fire a cannon at all.
No. you just want to put me back in.
I swear. If you want.
you can already have my wife.
I don't like it anymore.
Agreed?
Brigitte. Brigitte. come on.
He has given his word.
As soon as the gate is shot.
kill him.
It's getting cold. thick fog is coming.
A strange April.
Quick. a cannon over here!
Who gave the order
to fire? Is that a joke?
Who fired?
- Alert!
- In position!
Closer! Spread out!
What's going on there?
Load.
Load!
Higher. Stop!
Go away!
Yes.
Fire!
Don't just stand around! Come on.
fire! I said fire. go ahead!
Where do you want to go? Back!
Retreat!
Come on. turn it around!
Fire!
You damn shooter.
Leave it to the Swede!
Quick. over here!
Come on. turn it around!
Back!
Nicholas! Nicholas. my love!
Colonel.
The weapon depot has been destroyed.
we have no gunpowder.
- Hide yourself!
- And the wounded?
We'll take care of that.
Mother! Mother!
Ivan.
Isn't there more gunpowder?
We still have the powder
kegs on the bulwarks
and what the soldiers have with
them. If they besiege us. we're done.
The Dzungars are on the bulwark.
Alamiere Buhgoltz. Come come!
- Come on.
- In battle position!
Form yourselves!
- To the wall!
- Cut the ropes!
Cut the ropes!
Forward!
Come on. brothers!
Caps!
Block the gate!
Through here!
Fire!
More quickly!
Turns around! The way is blocked here!
Fire. Russian!
- Open the gate!
- Keep firing.
My job is done.
the gates are open.
Crash them with the car!
Keep the fire going.
or we'll kill your wife.
Come on!
Closer!
Stop!
Come on!
Light the arrows!
I want her alive!
Go down!
Ivan!
Do you now know whose
shooters are better?
I'll show you which are better.
Turn it!
- There he is!
- Back!
Any questions?
Hey friends!
Maria. run away from here. Start running.
You are so beautiful.
Maria. Really wonderful.
- Why did you come here?
- To kill you.
But you should still know
what you're going to die for.
I was flogged for you.
Because of you! Because of you!
Because of you!
There you have it!
I'm not coming home because of you.
But you won't see
your home again either.
Aren't you afraid of death. Russian?
Onhudai!
Hey
You forgot your cannon.
Stop!
- We're going.
- Do not shoot!
Pull off!
I don't understand you. Dzungar.
You attack when we
have negotiated peace
and then pulls off in
the middle of the battle.
What shoud that?
God knows I
didn't start the war.
But I will end it.
We are leaving.
Father!
Maria. my girl! You live!
What are you doing to me
What if something happens to you?
You are my only daughter
Yes. but don't cry.
father. It's all over.
- Can I go to Ivan?
- Of course.
Run if you don't care
about your father. Come on!
Go on!
Run on.
come on! You're already fidgety.
PETER REMEZOV
Saint Petersburg. in 1721.
Your Highness.
Lieutenant Demarin. at your service.
No. no longer a lieutenant. From
now on you are Captain Demarin.
- In the service of the fatherland.
- Nice to see you. babbler.
Quiet. you crows!
This man is the shine of Russia.
Not all you swindlers here.
Where do you want to serve At the guards.
at court. in war?
The palace is not for me.
I want to go back to Tobol.
- But there is no war there.
- And that's how it should stay forever.
I dream that there is no
more war. Understand that.
The state is strong thanks to our victims.
Not for ourselves. but for others
and for our fatherland.
As long as the Russian
state has people like you
he will live and thrive
to the envy of our enemies.
That is what our country
stood for and will stand for.
To the loyal sons of Russia
those who live. those who have fallen.
and especially on Captain Demarin!
Petrovich.
be honest with me
I punish you.
but spare your life.
Nobody can hear you.
Tell me "I'm guilty".
I never thought of that.
Peter Alexeyevich.
I was thinking about the state
and then exaggerated it.
Send me to a monastery.
There I pray for my sins.
Well then. that's how it is.
Hang him up!
Matthew. no!
- Vivat!
- Vivat! Vivat! Vivat!
TOBOLSK
Hello.
Ivan Demarin and Maria
had five children and lived
happily all their lives in Tobolsk.
Where is Peter?
- He's running around here somewhere.
- Come eat. children.
- Papa. a drum!
- He'll wake him up.
Quiet. Peter!
- Save the city. Prophet Elijah. Save...
- What noise are you making?
I'll hit you with the
sticks in a minute.
- Peter. stop!
- Save the city. Prophet Elijah.
Simeon Remezov
died at the age of 80.
He left the Tobolsk Kremlin
and the first maps of
Russian and Siberian history.
- Grandfather. just look.
- Grandfather. there - an angel!
Ivan Buhgoltz. the founder of Omsk.
retired as major general
and died. worshiped as a hero.
at the age of 70.
Renet Johan and Brigitte Shertzenheld
came back to
Sweden after 18 years.
In their home country they were through
their stories about Dzungaria famous.